welcome to the man of recaps this is
Walking Dead Season eight at the end of
last season the good guys finally fought
back against negan and the Savior's now
they're gearing up for all-out war our
boy Rick leading Alexandria king Ezekiel
of the kingdom and Maggie is now leading
the hilltop they've got a man on the
inside of the Savior's Dwight to
speeding them information like where
their scouts are so they can take them
out and the gang rolls up on the
sanctuary
negan comes out what's going on here
Rick's like surrender or die but negan's
got Gregory the former leader of the
hilltop he constantly switches sides
based on who looks like they're gonna
win and now he's like hilltop stands
with negan but Maggie's like Lowell you
have no power here I rule hilltop now
and so they're like well you were
useless Rick's like enough talk time to
shoot the place hop they bust out all
the windows and they do waste like
hundreds of bullets just shooting the
windows negan's lieutenants make it in
but he takes cover outside and elsewhere
Daryl finds a horde of zombies and lures
them to the sanctuary Rick explodes the
bus boom boom blows up their fence so
the horde of zombies is surrounding the
sanctuary they're gonna see Jim out as
they're leaving Gabriel sees Gregory and
he's like hey man I'm here to save you
but Gregory instable and grabs his car
goes it's like are you kidding me bro so
Gabriel finds a shed to hide in but
turns out negan's already hiding there
negan and Gabriel agree not to kill each
other for now they do the zombie guts
trick so they could sneak on to safety
inside negan's lieutenants facing a
rebellion from the workers but when
negan gets back he shuts that down real
quick now the gang is hitting all the
savior outposts at the same time so they
can't come to help at one of them this
minor character gets shot remember
that's Aaron's boyfriend yes they are
gay and now he's single at another a
bunch of the Savior's surrender and
they're faced with the dilemma should we
kill them or show mercy Jesus says show
mercy but Morgan wants to kill them
remember just a few seasons ago he was a
pacifist now he's a cold-blooded killer
again but Maggie decides to take them
prisoner one is obviously bad to the
core and this other one is obviously
good and kind of hot and when Gregory
gets back like ham on your side again
Maggie's like now you're gonna be a
prisoner to the kingdom squad is doing
very well in fact they took their
outpost with zero casualties but
elsewhere Rick is looking for their big
guns and turns out they're not here
there's just a baby because they're over
at the kingdom compound oh oh all the
casualties now Ezekiel survives because
his people saved him but he's captured
by evil Napoleon Dynamite but he's saved
by his big axe bodyguard Jerry Carroll
survived - and they're running out but
they're swarmed by zombies
and the tiger comes in yeah Shiva but
there's too many of them and Shiva gets
eaten it's like Oh shiva kamini
somakandarkram since the kingdom army
was wiped out and it goes to the garbage
people for help they betrayed him last
season but he's like look we've got the
sanctuary surrounded we're gonna win you
should switch sides again and join us
but she's like no I don't think so
instead I'm just gonna take sexy photos
of you just then Darryl is hatching his
plan to take the garbage truck and crash
it into the Savior's wall oh that's all
the zombies swarm in smarty pants mullet
man Eugene is still working for negan
now Eugene's life is directly in danger
so he hatches a new plan to escape
basically they're gonna shoot all the
zombies into a barrier wall designed so
they can get out of there the trash
people make Rick fight a zombie but he
wins and he's like look you gonna join
me now and they're like okay fine they
get down to the sanctuary and find the
siege has been lifted
so the trash people in Stu battle and
Rick's like are you serious bro meeting
goes to Alexandria uses grenade
launchers to blow the whole place up
other Savior's ambush the hilltop
caravan and decide to teach them a
lesson by killing just one random extra
but when maggie gets back she shoots one
of the prisoners and is like yeah we're
not surrendering Savior's took the
kingdom too but the zekiel escaped and
causes a distraction so his people can
flee he stays behind to sacrifice
himself but Carol and Morgan busting to
save him they grab this Savior leader
and even though they just killed like
dozens of them it's like no you should
let this guy live but oh he's stabbed by
Podrick Payne this random kid who's
avenging his brother or something
Rick ghost Alexandria finds negan they
have a little fight but Rick escapes
Michonne takes him to the swords where
most of the people are hiding including
his son Carl who has been bitten by a
zombie no Carl earlier he was scavenging
he found this random guy but Rick's
scared him off like hey we can't trust
him but Carl is like no I'm gonna trust
him I'm gonna feed him and they ran into
some zombies and even though he's fought
thousands of zombies there's always the
danger you get bit so Rick's son Carl is
truly dead but on his last day he had a
happy time painted handprints with his
sister he wrote a letter to his dad like
hey maybe you should make peace he wrote
one to negan too and he can kind of like
the kid but there's not going to be any
peace at the sanctuary negan gets the
executed prisoner from hilltop and his
lieutenant Simon is pissed he wants to
slaughter them all but negan's like no
people are a resource we're gonna get
them back in line
Sonne Genson Simon to the trash people
to teach them a lesson
only supposed to kill one of them but
he's like you know I kind of want to
kill two and then he's like actually
kill them all
so when rick and michonne go to get
their help rick and michonne are still
dating by the way in case you forgot but
when they get there all the trash people
are zombies they left the leader alive
though she finally drops her stupid
trash person accent but Rick's like hey
serves you right should have joined this
one you had the chance and he bails so
Janice goes to the back where she's got
a garbage grinder and she leads all her
former friends down to be grinded I'm
not gonna show any clips cuz it is gross
Dwight with the Savior's leads them into
an ambush and figures this is as good a
time as any to officially switch sides
this one save your girl sees him and
gets away alive and he's picked up by
the good guys Tara hates him because he
shot her girlfriend so she's gonna kill
him but he sees some more saviors and
they're like oh we don't know that
you're a traitor yet so he's like good
guess I'm back with you for now priest
Gabriel got all sick by the way he wants
Eugene to help him escape but Eugene's
like no I'm a negan man but then he
feels bad so he helps him escape with
the doctor they find some medicine but
the infection already got to the eyes
and he's now pretty much blind but he's
like don't worry God will guide my hand
and for this one shot at least he does
they're quickly picked up by the
Savior's but the doctors like hey if
God's guiding us I'm gonna make a move
but he gets shot whoops
meanwhile the hilltop gets a message
unrelated to the negan war they go to
meet with this van and it's Hillary
Clinton and the Sunglass kids she's like
hey my name is Georgie I roamed the land
trading knowledge for music what
Maggie's like okay here's a box of CDs
and she gives them her book that is all
the knowledge of like how to build
windmills and aqueducts and stuff and
it's like oh yeah actually that's really
helpful
now the Savior's wasted most of their
ammo shooting the zombies so they've got
Eugene making more bullets but it's
gonna take a while so in the meantime
they coat their melee weapons and zombie
guts so anyone hit gets infected they're
gonna roll up on the hilltop but Rick
sees negan and kind of incredibly
impressive timing and it just to hit him
separate him from the group they end up
crashing go into a building where Rick
finds negan's bat lights it on fire they
have a one-on-one battle except a bunch
of zombies join and negan manages to
escape Simon and Dwight go looking for
him but then Simon's like hey why don't
we just not end Dwight's like yeah I'm
down good riddance so they come back
they're like hey Megan's dead but don't
worry he lives on inside all of us I
mean most of all though I'm in charge
now and as revenge instead of
subjugating the hilltop we're gonna
murder them all
so the Savior's roll up have a little
fight Simon's gonna kill Tara but don't
or in the arm to save her life the
hilltop shoots out all their lights and
the saviors walk into the most obvious
trap ever so they retreat for now but
because of the infected weapons anyone
injured turns into a zombie and that
causes a whole commotion dumb little kid
goes to the prisoners finds out the mean
one killed his brother so he opens the
gate and that goes as poorly as you
might imagine the prisoners all escaped
but nice prisoner and a few others stay
behind it's like look we want to prove
that we're on your side
breaking Morgan go to hunt down the
others but they end up captured it's
like hey it's not too late you guys can
still be good guys so when a bunch of
zombies show up they untie Rick and they
fight the zombies together but Rick
turns hum-hum and they murder them all
Oh cold blooded Morgan grabs the awful
guy and holds him still while the
zombies eat him Rick feels bad about
killing them so he reads Carl's letter
and cries where did negan end up oh he's
captured by the trash girl she's gonna
kill him for a revenge but he gets a gun
and a flare and they fight over it flare
goes out just then a helicopter shows up
what is that it turns around because the
flare wasn't lit hopefully this goes
somewhere next season anyway negan's
like hey it was Simon who broke my
orders when he killed your people let me
go and make it right and they kind of
bonded talking about negan's original
wife Lucille who he named the bat after
so she agrees to let him go so negan's
back from the dead once again he's gonna
kill Simon but decides to forgive him
for now but Simon still wants to be in
charge so he's like hey Dwight we're
gonna kill him you in and Dwight's
playing so many sides at this point he's
like yeah I guess so the conspirators me
in the courtyard but negan shows up
Dwight told on him and they shoot all of
them except Gregory who was also just
going with the flow of whoever looks
like they're gonna win and he can give
Simon a chance to fight him in a ritual
combat but negan doesn't lose fight see
chokes him to death Gregory's like I
think this is probably a good time to
bail and Dwight's like hey take this
it's the newest plans give this to Rick
but later Dwight finds the girl that got
away
yeah and negan picked her up earlier and
she told him that Dwight's the traitor
and the plans Dwight just sent to Rick
are a trap meanwhile Eugene gets
ambushed taken by the good guys Rosita
psych hey I hate you for switching sides
you're gonna be our prisoner so he
decides to escape by projectile-vomiting
honor and he just ate a bowl of sardine
mac and cheese
so that's extra disgusting he gets back
fully committed to negan now and he's
finished making a bunch of bullets so
gregory gets the fake plans to Rick but
Rick's like this is probably a trap so
they ambush a group and find the real
plans but
new Rick would think it's a trap so
those real plans are a super double trap
and in the end Rick finds himself
completely surrounded negan's like
alright Rick
time to die but boom all the guns
backfire what
yeah Eugene sabotage the bullets a bunch
of saviors went directly to the hilltop
but there exploded who was that oh it's
the oceanside girl colony there was a
minor subplot where Enid and Aaron went
to them for help
but they accidentally shot the grandma
so they turn him away but Aaron's like
hey I'm gonna lay right here till you
agree to join us and he'll he's there so
long that finally they're like ok dude
we'll join back at the main fight the
good guys have a huge advantage so
pretty soon the Savior's surrender and
it's this dilemma again should we kill
them or show mercy Rick and negan end up
in a one-on-one fight again but Rick's
like hey Karl wanted us to make peace
and negan's like should we and Rick's
like now I'm gonna slash your neck oh
and negan finally is dead but Rick feels
kind of bad so he's like hey dr. patch
him up a guy Karl saved Sadiq was a med
student so that's pretty much the best
doctor they got but Maggie's like what
are you kidding me Meaghan can't live
he's pure evil but Rick's in full mercy
mode now all the rest of the Savior's
you're not gonna be our prisoners you're
gonna be our friends and they all work
together to help rebuild the sanctuary
into a better place
Eugene redeemed himself by sabotaging
the bullets so he's allowed back in the
good guy group Dwight does not though
Daryl hates him too much he gives him
the car keys like I banish you you're
banished he goes back to his wife
Sherry's house last season he went there
with beer and pretzels but it was too
late she was gone but now there's a note
yeah it says honeymoon forever he's
smiling she's alive nice hot prisoners
like what about me Maggie you and I
gonna do a romance arc next season she's
like yeah probably Morgan goes to see
trash girl like hey come join us no one
should be alone in the dump and she's
like yeah you're right let's go he's
like oh no I'm gonna stay I want to be a
lone dumb permit and negan survives he
sentenced to jail for life they're gonna
make a nice community and let him watch
but never join that's his punishment but
Maggie has a shadowy meeting where she's
like now that's not good enough we're
gonna kill negan and Daryl's like yeah
I'm in so what would have been a great
time to end the series with a happily
ever after
instead they're gonna continue to drag
on for another few seasons and that's
how season 8 comes to an end that was
pretty good I look like negan ish well
Rick
about my balls that's what that's my
negan impression